---
title: "reboot NG"
date: 2022-03-02T14:02:22-20:00
categories:
  - meta
tags:
  - meta
  - internal
excerpt_seperator: „\n\n“
---

"Jeder Boot tut gut" or literally translated into English "Every boot does good" - that's a german phrase from the IT, which I try to use here as well - again! Because sometimes when you get stuck, it takes a fresh start to get back on track. And this can take multiple attempts, to fix the issue. Here is why...
„\n\n“
Let's rewind for a short timeframe, back in 2019 and earlier. Again and again I thought about with which content I might fill this domain. At first I wanted to post funny anecdotes from everyday office life, but I had to fear that they could quickly be assigned to the respective persons. That's why I rejected this idea. Of course there were similar fears with the professional data protection, if I wanted to share interesting aspects of the daily doing. So I quickly decided against it here as well.

Then I had another idea. Through certain circumstances, I had come to different projects, through which I had to study different subjects more intensively. And that was exactly what I was trying to capture here. 
So, to make a long story short, I have failed completly. The page was a graveyard with only one post - this in an old version. So, now I give it another try and due to the fact, that I use github more and more, I decided to switch the underlying software to a github hosted jekyll page.
So, just to make clear again - I cannot promise that I will stick with the use of the English script. And I cannot promise to what extent a regular input or output from me will appear here. However, I will always leave small notes for myself, which should memorise the newly learnt for me as well as help me to remember later. Hopefully this will work better this time.

So it's (still) actually just my very own private (B)log which you probably just stumbled across by accident. Congratulations.
